Document what to do if a merged PR has a bug that was missed during PR reviews (#1166)
mattermost/mattermost-developer-documentation: site/content/contribute/good-decisions/fixing-pr-mistakes.md

---

> title: "Merged PR Scenario"

Reviewer: Let's reword this new page title to describe the reader's circumstance. What scenario would bring a user to this page to learn more?

Author: Reworded title.

> title: "When A Merged PR Results In A Bug"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "When A merged PR results in a bug"
```

> heading: "When A Merged PR Results In A Bug"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
heading: "When a merged PR results in a bug"
```

weight: 2
---

> This document's aim is to explain what process should be in place in the following scenario:

Reviewer: Let's introduce the scenario less formally as something along the lines of "This page describes the process to follow when someone notices a mistake in a merged pull request (PR)."

Author: Done.

1. A contributor (either staff or community member) submits a PR, it is reviewed and merged into the codebase
2. Sometime later, the community notices a mistake with the PR

Question is, what should we, as a community, do? That depends on the scope of the changes in the PR that was merged.

> ## Low Impact

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Low impact issues
```

A low impact PR might mean that it affected:
- Some non-critical functionality

> - It does not affect users in a substantial way 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- It doesn't affect users in a substantial way 
```

If this is the case, do the following:

> 1. Create an issue for this

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Capture details in an issue.
```

> 2. Mark it according to it's priority

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Mark it according to its priority.
```

> 3. Would be best to assign it to the person who introduced the issue in the first place

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Ideally, assign the issue to the person who created the PR.
```

> ## High Impact

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## High impact issues
```

> A high impact PR represents something that caused an incident or might well be causing one and we caught it early.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A high impact PR represents something that has or will result in a customer incident.
```

If this is the case, there are two scenarios:

> 1. The feature introduced in the PR is handled by a feature flag 

Reviewer: Please end all sentences with a period.

Author: Done.

2. The feature introduced in the PR is **not** handled by a feature flag 

> For scenario 1, if it is not affecting other functionality, turn that feature flag off so the feature will be disabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For scenario 1, if it's not affecting other functionality, turn that feature flag off to disable the feature.
```

For scenario 2:

1. Revert the changes introduced in the original PR

> 2. Let the original person who worked on the PR know this so they can work on a proper fix for their PR

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Notify the person who worked on the PR know so they can work on a proper fix for their PR
```

> 3. Reintroduce the change and have it go through the regular PR cycle

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Reintroduce the change through the regular PR cycle
```
